Fix broken link for Redshift connection (#36614)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/operators/redshift/redshift_sql.rst

Execute a SQL query
===================

> The generic ``SQLExecuteQueryOperator`` can be used to execute SQL queries against an Amazon Redshift cluster using a `Redshift connection <../../connections/redshift.html>`_.

Reviewer: Better to use internal hyperlink target reference for avoid the situation when the page move to somewhere else in the future

```suggestion
The generic ``SQLExecuteQueryOperator`` can be used to execute SQL queries against an Amazon Redshift cluster using a :ref:`howto/connection:redshift`.
```

Author: @Taragolis Thanks
